## The relationship and prediction between Pokemon's stats and generation

From other's project in the past quarter, I found that there were some analysis about Pokemon, which was one of my favorite games, so I chose to explore more about this dataset. The main topic I choose is to find the relationship between the generations and the each stats for pokemons, and study whether the strength of Pokemon has become stronger through generations. In addition, I will try to predict the trend on designing new generation pokemon, such as their types and statistcs.

In this project, I used the Scikit-learn package in Python to investigate the relationship between Pokémon generations and their statistical properties. After applying k-mean cluster, the result showed that the predicting cluster is roughly and evenly distributed in each generation, so I can get a conclusion that Pokémon's statistics strength is not clearly related to generation. In this case, I chose to shift my research focus to study the relationship between their specific values using decision tree, including their attack and special attack. Also, I tried to use random forest to classify each variable but it overfitted the dataset due to small amounts of variables. It was interesting to find out that creatures have high attack will also have high special attack, which is contradict to my common sense that the game should have some balances on setting up these statistics. Through this experience, I understood that there are things that seem to have no relationship, but by using data science as a tool from different perspectives, the underlying relationship was found. 
